Update README with TCP deprecation notes (#81)
EventStore/EventStoreDB-Client-Dotnet-Legacy: README.md

EventStoreDB is the open-source, functional database with Complex Event Processing in JavaScript.

This is the repository for the legacy .NET TCP client for EventStoreDB version 5 - 23.10 and uses TCP as the communication protocol. ESDB versions later than 23.10 do not support TCP.

> If you're looking for the recommended .NET gRPC client, check the [EventStore-Client-Dotnet](https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore-Client-Dotnet) repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the preferred .NET gRPC client, visit the [EventStore-Client-Dotnet](https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore-Client-Dotnet) repository.
```

## Documentation

Documentation for EventStoreDB can be found here: [Event Store Docs](https://developers.eventstore.com/).

## Community

> Interact with the Event Store and event sourcing Communities on the Event Store [Discuss](https://discuss.eventstore.com/) or [Discord](https://discord.gg/Phn9pmCw3t) forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interact with the Event Store and event sourcing communities on the Event Store [Discuss](https://discuss.eventstore.com/) or [Discord](https://discord.gg/Phn9pmCw3t) forum.
```

## Contributing

Development is done on the `master` branch.  

> We attempt to do our best to ensure that the history remains clean and to do so, we generally ask contributors to squash their commits into a set or single logical commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To maintain a clean history, we ask contributors to squash their commits into one or a few cohesive commits.
```
